# A new character in Don’t Starve: the Summoner.  
His name is Chen Bo, and he can summon up to six piglets. Who is he?  
**My name is Chen Bo, formerly known as Hu Bobing, the ceiling of TikTok, is the only idol in the hearts of all the full platform all the car anchors, and all the car professional players. I am also the only player in the history of QQ car for 15 years, the first person in the history of QQ car, and also called the most perfect professional player and the fastest professional player by the car official. I came from the champion of China region, the runner-up of the world competition, the individual champion of the 2023 Yaohu Cup exhibition competition, the champion of the eighth anniversary National Finals, the champion of the seventh anniversary team finals, the champion of the Autumn League in 2016, and the champion of the Southwest team Finals in 2014. Remember, don't play this for me, play this for me, I will pull you out to fight. I can let you one horse, can also let you two horses, but you remember, I am not the horse. Let me run out of here, no matter if you're a world champion or a pro, you're going to eat my taillights right behind me, or worse, you're not even going to eat your taillights. The tail is reset and connected with the best route, when landing, the air spray w spray the tail card gas to release the nitrogen, pressure spray pressure landing and then a side card full step on the acceleration belt tail card gas to lift the speed, the side drift quickly cut off, the stack spray is superimposed on the stack good route air spray landing traction position, let off the nitrogen in advance drift slip to pull a three spray, and then directly release the gas, The reborn gem comes to the side and then drags the drift to deflate the air. Here is another small cut to deflate the nitrogen. Pull the front a little bit. Adjust the best Angle to get the little 6 out. Greet me when I come**
